doc/guides/UserGuide/Meetings.rst, before:

========
Meetings
========

Meeting
-------

A Meeting is not as in depth as a Conference and is made
for smaller events. Within a Meeting you can find two main
modules:

* Participants: you can add all the participants for the Meeting
  or you can open the participation so users can apply for it.
* Timetable: in which you can directly add Sessions, Contributions, and
  Breaks. 

As well, as for conferences, you can set the Access Control for the meeting
and you have Tools in which you can remove, clone, and set alarms.


--------------

Creating a Meeting
------------------

If you have the correct access rights within a Category you can
create a new meeting using the blue top bar *Create event* option.
You will be presented with a form similar to that for
a Conference; you are able to choose the default style in
which the Meeting will be displayed
`(see Meeting Display Area) <#meeting-display-area>`_. When you submit this form the
Meeting will be created and you will be redirected to its Management
Area.

--------------

Meeting Management Area
-----------------------

The Management Area allows you to control the different parts of
your meeting. The following sections will show each area of the
Meeting Management.

Clicking on the link *View event page* will take you to the
management display area for the meeting.

--------------

General Settings Management
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

From the Main tab, you are able to modify the details of the
meeting including title, description, location, default style of
the display. You can also add/remove any chairpersons.

|image100|

--------------

Meeting Visibility
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This option allows you to choose up to which level your meeting
will be visible in the overview pages.

--------------

Timetable Management
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Timetable Management allows you to organize your meeting by
using sessions (groups of contributions), contributions (presentations),
and breaks.

The management of the timetable is the same as for conferences. The
only difference is while adding contributions. In conferences, you can
add unscheduled contributions to the timetable. On the other hand, in
meetings, unscheduled contributions don't exist, you need always to 
create the contribution.

Here, we will just explain how to create contributions. For more details and
further explanations about the Timetable Management `(see Timetable Management
for Conferences) <Conferences.html#timetable-management>`_.

--------------

Adding Contributions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can directly add contributions into your timetable using the
*Add new* > *Contribution* at the top of the timetable. This will open
a pop-up with a form to create a new contribution.

|image103|

Within this form, you can define the name, description, location,
presenters, and the starting time and duration of this contribution.

|image104|

In order to edit the contribution, you can click on it and a edition balloon
will show up. In this balloon, you can modify the timing or the whole 
contribution.

--------------

Session Management
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

See `Session Management for Conferences <Conferences.html#session-management>`_.

Contribution Management
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

See `Contribution Management for Conferences <Conferences.html#contribution-management>`_.

--------------

Protection Management
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Protection in a meeting is the same as that in a Conference.
There is Modification Control, Domain Control, and Access Control.
When adding to the Access and Modification lists, you can also add
Groups of users if any have been defined by Administration.

*Modification Control* Only the managers listed in the
modification control, the creator of the meeting, and any
administrators can access the Management Area of the meeting.
However, you can add a Modification Key which means anyone with this
key can modify the meeting without logging in.

|image119|

*Access Control* When the meeting is public, anyone can view the
meeting including the details, timetable, material, etc. When the
meeting is private, only those in the access list, meeting
managers, and administrators can view the meeting.

|image120|

When private you can also add an Access Key which means anyone
with this key can access the meeting without logging in.

*Domain Control* This is available for public meetings. It allows you
to specify which domain can access the meeting. For instance, people
from inside the CERN domain can access.

*Material Visibility* By default a material will always be
visible in the timetable, even if it is private (the user will
be redirected to a login screen or access key prompt when clicking
on it). You can force the material to be hidden for non-authorized
people by using the *Visibility to unauthorized users* section in
the material access control page.

--------------

Tools Tab 
~~~~~~~~~

The meeting Tools allow you to make certain actions on the whole
of the meeting. See following sub-sections.

|image121|

--------------

Deleting a Meeting
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Delete meeting option will delete the whole meeting. You will
be asked to confirm deletion beforehand.

|image122|

--------------

Cloning a Meeting
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Clone the meeting if you would like to make another meeting exactly the
same. You have the option to clone it once, at fixed intervals,
or on certain dates.

|image123|

--------------

Packaging Material
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Using the *Material package* option you can create a package
of all the materials that have been used in the meeting.

|image124|

--------------

.. Create an Offline version of a Meeting
.. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. Using the 'Offline web for your meeting' option you can create a
.. copy of your meeting that can be used offline for example if you
.. wish to store your meeting to a dvd.

.. .. |image125|

--------------

Alarm Control
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can set an alarm/reminder to alert people about the
meeting. The alert will be in the form of an email, and in
the date that you have selected.

|image126|

--------------

Meeting Display Area
--------------------

The Meeting Display is the view that users of the meeting will
see. If the meeting is public they will not need to log in to view
the meeting. It is also the area in which you can access the
modification areas if you have access rights. There are various
views/styles in which the meeting can be displayed; the following sections
show the different views and displays.

--------------

Indico Style
~~~~~~~~~~~~

This is the default view for meetings in Indico. If you have
modification rights to any parts of the meeting you will be able
to access the Management Area by clicking the icon |image133|.

|image134|

--------------

IT Style
~~~~~~~~

The IT style:

|image135|

--------------

Simple Text Style
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The simple text style:

|image136|

--------------

Administrative Style
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Administration style:

|image137|

--------------

Compact Style
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Compact style:

|image138|

--------------

Parellel Style
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Parellel style:

|image139|

--------------

.. |image97| image:: UserGuidePics/meet1.png
.. |image98| image:: UserGuidePics/meetma.png
.. |image99| image:: UserGuidePics/meetma2.png
.. |image100| image:: UserGuidePics/meet2.png
.. |image101| image:: UserGuidePics/meet3.png
.. |image102| image:: UserGuidePics/meet4.png
.. |image103| image:: UserGuidePics/confm23.png
.. |image104| image:: UserGuidePics/confm28.png
.. |image105| image:: UserGuidePics/meet7.png
.. |image106| image:: UserGuidePics/meet8.png
.. |image107| image:: UserGuidePics/meet9.png
.. |image108| image:: UserGuidePics/meet10.png
.. |image109| image:: UserGuidePics/meet11.png
.. |image110| image:: UserGuidePics/meet12.png
.. |image111| image:: UserGuidePics/meet13.png
.. |image112| image:: UserGuidePics/meet14.png
.. |image113| image:: UserGuidePics/meet15.png
.. |image114| image:: UserGuidePics/meet16.png
.. |image115| image:: UserGuidePics/meet17.png
.. |image116| image:: UserGuidePics/meet18.png
.. |image117| image:: UserGuidePics/meet19.png
.. |image118| image:: UserGuidePics/meet20.png
.. |image119| image:: UserGuidePics/meet21.png
.. |image120| image:: UserGuidePics/confm30.png
.. |image121| image:: UserGuidePics/meet22.png
.. |image122| image:: UserGuidePics/meet23.png
.. |image123| image:: UserGuidePics/meet24.png
.. |image124| image:: UserGuidePics/meet25.png
.. |image125| image:: UserGuidePics/meet26.png
.. |image126| image:: UserGuidePics/meet27.png
.. |image127| image:: UserGuidePics/meetma2.png
.. |image128| image:: UserGuidePics/meet28.png
.. |image129| image:: UserGuidePics/meet29.png
.. |image130| image:: UserGuidePics/meet30.png
.. |image131| image:: UserGuidePics/meet31.png
.. |image132| image:: UserGuidePics/conf2.png
.. |image133| image:: UserGuidePics/conf2.png
.. |image134| image:: UserGuidePics/meetd1.png
.. |image135| image:: UserGuidePics/meetd2.png
.. |image136| image:: UserGuidePics/meetd3.png
.. |image137| image:: UserGuidePics/meetd4.png
.. |image138| image:: UserGuidePics/meetd5.png
.. |image139| image:: UserGuidePics/meetd6.png

Commit message:

[FIX] Highlight current layout in Layout Menu
	- Highlight in the layout popup menu for meetings the layout currently in use
	- Update documentation with new screenshots of display area for conference and meetings, along with additional comments
	- fixes #189

doc/guides/UserGuide/Meetings.rst, after:

========
Meetings
========

Meeting
-------

A Meeting is not as in depth as a Conference and is made
for smaller events. Within a Meeting you can find two main
modules:

* Participants: you can add all the participants for the Meeting
  or you can open the participation so users can apply for it.
* Timetable: in which you can directly add Sessions, Contributions, and
  Breaks.

As well, as for conferences, you can set the Access Control for the meeting
and you have Tools in which you can remove, clone, and set alarms.


--------------

Creating a Meeting
------------------

If you have the correct access rights within a Category you can
create a new meeting using the blue top bar *Create event* option.
You will be presented with a form similar to that for
a Conference; you are able to choose the default style in
which the Meeting will be displayed
`(see Meeting Display Area) <#meeting-display-area>`_. When you submit this form the
Meeting will be created and you will be redirected to its Management
Area.

--------------

Meeting Management Area
-----------------------

The Management Area allows you to control the different parts of
your meeting. The following sections will show each area of the
Meeting Management.

Clicking on the link *View event page* will take you to the
management display area for the meeting.

--------------

General Settings Management
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

From the Main tab, you are able to modify the details of the
meeting including title, description, location, default style of
the display. You can also add/remove any chairpersons.

|image100|

--------------

Meeting Visibility
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This option allows you to choose up to which level your meeting
will be visible in the overview pages.

--------------

Timetable Management
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Timetable Management allows you to organize your meeting by
using sessions (groups of contributions), contributions (presentations),
and breaks.

The management of the timetable is the same as for conferences. The
only difference is while adding contributions. In conferences, you can
add unscheduled contributions to the timetable. On the other hand, in
meetings, unscheduled contributions don't exist, you need always to
create the contribution.

Here, we will just explain how to create contributions. For more details and
further explanations about the Timetable Management `(see Timetable Management
for Conferences) <Conferences.html#timetable-management>`_.

--------------

Adding Contributions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can directly add contributions into your timetable using the
*Add new* > *Contribution* at the top of the timetable. This will open
a pop-up with a form to create a new contribution.

|image103|

Within this form, you can define the name, description, location,
presenters, and the starting time and duration of this contribution.

|image104|

In order to edit the contribution, you can click on it and a edition balloon
will show up. In this balloon, you can modify the timing or the whole
contribution.

--------------

Session Management
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

See `Session Management for Conferences <Conferences.html#session-management>`_.

Contribution Management
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

See `Contribution Management for Conferences <Conferences.html#contribution-management>`_.

--------------

Protection Management
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Protection in a meeting is the same as that in a Conference.
There is Modification Control, Domain Control, and Access Control.
When adding to the Access and Modification lists, you can also add
Groups of users if any have been defined by Administration.

*Modification Control* Only the managers listed in the
modification control, the creator of the meeting, and any
administrators can access the Management Area of the meeting.
However, you can add a Modification Key which means anyone with this
key can modify the meeting without logging in.

|image119|

*Access Control* When the meeting is public, anyone can view the
meeting including the details, timetable, material, etc. When the
meeting is private, only those in the access list, meeting
managers, and administrators can view the meeting.

|image120|

When private you can also add an Access Key which means anyone
with this key can access the meeting without logging in.

*Domain Control* This is available for public meetings. It allows you
to specify which domain can access the meeting. For instance, people
from inside the CERN domain can access.

*Material Visibility* By default a material will always be
visible in the timetable, even if it is private (the user will
be redirected to a login screen or access key prompt when clicking
on it). You can force the material to be hidden for non-authorized
people by using the *Visibility to unauthorized users* section in
the material access control page.

--------------

Tools Tab
~~~~~~~~~

The meeting Tools allow you to make certain actions on the whole
of the meeting. See following sub-sections.

|image121|

--------------

Deleting a Meeting
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Delete meeting option will delete the whole meeting. You will
be asked to confirm deletion beforehand.

|image122|

--------------

Cloning a Meeting
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Clone the meeting if you would like to make another meeting exactly the
same. You have the option to clone it once, at fixed intervals,
or on certain dates.

|image123|

--------------

Packaging Material
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Using the *Material package* option you can create a package
of all the materials that have been used in the meeting.

|image124|

--------------

.. Create an Offline version of a Meeting
.. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. Using the 'Offline web for your meeting' option you can create a
.. copy of your meeting that can be used offline for example if you
.. wish to store your meeting to a dvd.

.. .. |image125|

--------------

Alarm Control
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can set an alarm/reminder to alert people about the
meeting. The alert will be in the form of an email, and in
the date that you have selected.

|image126|

--------------

Meeting Display Area
--------------------

The Meeting Display is the view that users of the meeting will
see. If the meeting is public they will not need to log in to view
the meeting. It is also the area in which you can access the
modification areas if you have access rights. There are various
views/styles in which the meeting can be displayed; the following sections
show the different views and displays.

--------------

Indico Style
~~~~~~~~~~~~

This is the default view for meetings in Indico. If you have
modification rights to any parts of the meeting you will be able
to access the Management Area by clicking the icon |image133|.

|image134|

You can see a bunch of additional buttons next to the navigation options
on the top left of the page:

|image141| This will print a printable version of the display area

|image142| This will let you set filters to focus on events depending on
their date or the session they are included in.

|image140| This button allows you to use the following additional features:

* Export to ICalendar of PDF formats
* Download a package with all the material linked to the meeting
* Change the style of the display. The following sections give you some examples
  of available styles.

--------------

IT Style
~~~~~~~~

The IT style:

|image135|

--------------

Simple Text Style
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The simple text style:

|image136|

--------------

Administrative Style
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Administrative style:

|image137|

--------------

Compact Style
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Compact style:

|image138|

--------------

Parellel Style
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Parellel style:

|image139|

--------------

.. |image97| image:: UserGuidePics/meet1.png
.. |image98| image:: UserGuidePics/meetma.png
.. |image99| image:: UserGuidePics/meetma2.png
.. |image100| image:: UserGuidePics/meet2.png
.. |image101| image:: UserGuidePics/meet3.png
.. |image102| image:: UserGuidePics/meet4.png
.. |image103| image:: UserGuidePics/confm23.png
.. |image104| image:: UserGuidePics/confm28.png
.. |image105| image:: UserGuidePics/meet7.png
.. |image106| image:: UserGuidePics/meet8.png
.. |image107| image:: UserGuidePics/meet9.png
.. |image108| image:: UserGuidePics/meet10.png
.. |image109| image:: UserGuidePics/meet11.png
.. |image110| image:: UserGuidePics/meet12.png
.. |image111| image:: UserGuidePics/meet13.png
.. |image112| image:: UserGuidePics/meet14.png
.. |image113| image:: UserGuidePics/meet15.png
.. |image114| image:: UserGuidePics/meet16.png
.. |image115| image:: UserGuidePics/meet17.png
.. |image116| image:: UserGuidePics/meet18.png
.. |image117| image:: UserGuidePics/meet19.png
.. |image118| image:: UserGuidePics/meet20.png
.. |image119| image:: UserGuidePics/meet21.png
.. |image120| image:: UserGuidePics/confm30.png
.. |image121| image:: UserGuidePics/meet22.png
.. |image122| image:: UserGuidePics/meet23.png
.. |image123| image:: UserGuidePics/meet24.png
.. |image124| image:: UserGuidePics/meet25.png
.. |image125| image:: UserGuidePics/meet26.png
.. |image126| image:: UserGuidePics/meet27.png
.. |image127| image:: UserGuidePics/meetma2.png
.. |image128| image:: UserGuidePics/meet28.png
.. |image129| image:: UserGuidePics/meet29.png
.. |image130| image:: UserGuidePics/meet30.png
.. |image131| image:: UserGuidePics/meet31.png
.. |image132| image:: UserGuidePics/conf2.png
.. |image133| image:: UserGuidePics/conf2.png
.. |image134| image:: UserGuidePics/meetd1.png
.. |image135| image:: UserGuidePics/meetd2.png
.. |image136| image:: UserGuidePics/meetd3.png
.. |image137| image:: UserGuidePics/meetd4.png
.. |image138| image:: UserGuidePics/meetd5.png
.. |image139| image:: UserGuidePics/meetd6.png
.. |image140| image:: UserGuidePics/confd21.png
.. |image141| image:: UserGuidePics/meetd7.png
.. |image142| image:: UserGuidePics/meetd8.png
